Source: https://okanagan.calendar.ubc.ca/faculties-schools-and-colleges/faculty-arts-and-social-sciences/bachelor-arts-programs/degree-program-options 
DUAL DEGREE PROGRAM OPTION: Bachelor of Science and Master of Management
This dual degree program option offers qualified students the opportunity to earn, in one program of study, an undergraduate Bachelor of Science degree from the Faculty of Science and a Master of Management degree from the Faculty of Management. This dual degree program option can be completed in four years and eight months through intensive study and scheduling that includes one summer of study following the completion of their undergraduate program requirements. During the period of undergraduate study, admitted students are required to complete MGMT_O 100 Introduction to Business and MGMT_O 110 Introduction to Management Thought and Social Responsibility and at least two intensive, week-long workshops. The workshops are offered over summer terms, are self-contained, and can be completed in any order. Workshops will focus on personal development, and enable critical thinking on equity, inclusion, diversity, enculturation, emotional intelligence, social interaction, metacognition, research, inquiry, sensibility, sustainability, well-being, communication, and presentation. These workshops will emphasize social and economic issues in ways that link theory and practice.
Additional fees are required for the dual degree program option. Further information is available in Faculty of Management section of the Academic Calendar.

Registration
Students are responsible for meeting all program requirements. Program advisors are available to assist with the appropriate course selection to meet graduation requirements. Before completing their final 30 credits, students are encouraged to have their progress reviewed by a program advisor to ensure that they meet all graduation requirements.
Students enrolled in the following programs: double major, major/minor, double honours or honours/minor are permitted to double count a limited number of credits between the two fields of study (see Double Counting of Credits in Honours, Majors, and Minors).

Honours
The B.A. with Honours provides an intensive program of study in an established discipline or program. Students who complete this program will learn to work independently with a high standard of competency in their chosen field. Honours programs require students to acquire sophisticated analytic and communication skills. May require completion of an honours thesis. Requires a minimum grade average as specified by the program.

Major
Students can earn a major by completing a defined set of disciplinary or interdisciplinary courses consisting of at least 48 credits. Of these credits, 30 must be at the 300/400 level and at least 18 completed at UBC. Students must also complete at least 18 credits at the 300/400 level outside of a single discipline. A student may earn a double major by completing all program requirements for each major.

Major with an Arts Minor
In conjunction with a major, a student can earn a minor, consisting of at least 30 defined credits with at least 18 credits at the 300/400 level. These 30 credits must be in a discipline or program different from the student's major. The student must also complete all requirements for the major. Please see the specific minor requirements listed under the various disciplines.

Major with a Fine Arts Minor
B.A. students may earn a Minor in Visual Arts. Note: due to the number of credits required to complete this program, adding it to a degree may result in more than four years of study.

Major with a Management Minor
B.A. students entering the program in 2021/2022 or later, may earn a Minor in Management1. To complete a minor in Management, students must complete at least 30 credits in Management courses. At least 18 of these 30 credits must be in courses numbered 300 or above. There are specific courses at both first and second year that are also required.
1B.A. students who entered the program in 2020/2021 or earlier should consult with Academic Advising.

Major with a Science Minor
B.A. students can complete minors in the following Science disciplines: Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Data Science1, Earth and Environmental Sciences, Geospatial Information Science2, Mathematics, Mathematics and Statistics, Physics, and Statistics. To complete a Science minor, students must include no fewer than 30 credits in a Science discipline. At least 12 of these credits must be numbered 300 or above.
1The requirements for the B.A. minor in Data Science are the same as for the B.Sc. Minor in Data Science, which may require students to complete more than the minimum 12 credits of courses numbered 300 or above.
2The requirements for the B.A. minor in Geospatial Information Science are the same as for the B.Sc. Minor in Geospatial Information Science, which requires students to complete more than the minimum 12 credits of courses numbered 300 or above.

Double Major in Arts
A student may earn a double major by completing all program requirements for each major. Completing a double major in the Arts will likely require more than 120 credits.
Note: the two majors must be from different disciplines. It is not possible to double major in two sub-areas of one discipline.

Double Major in Arts and Sciences
A student may earn a double major by completing all program requirements for the B.A. degree with a major, plus completing the requirements for a major offered in Sciences. Note: the two majors must be from two different disciplines. Completing a double major in Arts and Sciences will likely require more than 120 credits.

Combined Major in Arts
A student may earn a combined major by completing the requirements specified by the programs offering that combined major option. Combined major students must also complete at least 48 credits at the 300/400 level.

Double Counting of Credits in Honours, Majors, and Minors
Students enrolled in the following programs: double major, major/minor, double honours or honours/minor are permitted to double count a limited number of credits between the two fields of study. No more than 6 upper-level credits that count toward the program-specified requirements for the first major or honours may be double counted to fulfill requirements for the second honours, major, or minor. Thus, in order to graduate, double major students must have at least 54 program-specified upper-level credit requirements, and major/honours and minor students must have at least 48 upper-level credits; this number of credits cannot be arrived at by double counting. Students should be aware that by double counting they could substantially weaken the intellectual content of one of their fields of study.