Source: https://students.ok.ubc.ca/courses-money-enrolment/graduation/ 
In order to graduate, you must:

1. Complete all of your program requirements on time
2. Apply to graduate (application open date in Workday TBA)
3. Ensure your financial account with UBC is settled

Eligibility to graduate:
May graduation: Your program requirements must be completed by April 30.
Fall graduation: Your program requirements must be completed by August 23.

If you are completing Term 1 courses in December, you are not eligible for fall graduation and should wait to apply for May graduation. If you have questions about your degree requirements, contact an Academic & Career Advisor.
Make sure your financial account with UBC is settled. You will not receive a parchment, formerly called a diploma, or be able to order transcripts with an outstanding balance of fees. You’ll still be able to attend the ceremony, but will not receive your parchment when you cross the stage. If you have questions about your finances, contact gradapps.okanagan@ubc.ca.

Spring Graduation in May 2025
The following dates for Spring Graduation in May 2025 are tentative based on campus policies and public safety guidelines.

Application period	TBA – February 28, 2025
Degree requirements must be completed by	April 30, 2025
Graduate students: Visit the College of Graduate Studies website for specific deadlines

Order ceremony gown and guest tickets	Visit the ceremonies website for specific dates
Degree conferred (awarded) and credential added to UBC record	End of May
Your grad application status on Workday will be updated from ‘Approved for Completion’ to ‘Program Completed’ within two business days after the May meeting of the Okanagan Senate.

Your credentials will then appear on the official transcript.

Graduation ceremony dates	Visit the ceremonies website for information about the graduation ceremony


Fall Graduation 2024
The following dates for fall graduation in 2024 are tentative based on campus policies and public safety guidelines.

Application period	May 1 to July 31, 2024
Degree requirements must be completed by	August 23, 2024
Graduate students: Visit the College of Graduate Studies website for specific deadlines

Degree conferred (awarded) and credential added to UBC record	Your grad application status on the SSC will be updated from ‘approved’ to ‘conferred’ within two business days after the meeting of the Okanagan Senate.
Your credentials will then appear on the official transcript.



When will I know when my application has been approved?
Your application to graduate will be reviewed by your faculty in October and November for November conferral and in March through May conferral (for the spring ceremony). The final approval will be noted on your graduation application.

I just looked at my graduation application and the status has changed. What does it mean?
In your graduation application, between applying and your graduation day, you will notice changes in your application. Below is a list of terms you may see on your application and what they mean:

Applied for graduation: Your application has been received. Applications will be reviewed once the graduation application closes at the end of February. This is a good time to contact your faculty advisor or meet with an academic advisor to ensure all graduation requirements have been met.

Evaluation deferred: Your application will remain as evaluation deferred until all final grades are in and your file has been approved by the dean of your faculty.

Denied: Your application has not been approved by your faculty/school. Contact your faculty/school if you believe that you have met graduation requirements and should be eligible to graduate. Otherwise, you will need to re-apply for graduation in a subsequent session when you become eligible to graduate.

Withdrawn application: Your application has been withdrawn and will not be evaluated for graduation. You must re-apply for a subsequent session.

Approved for completion: Your file is complete and your application has been approved for completion by the dean of your faculty (this status usually appears in the months of May and November and will remain until the May and November Senate meetings). Your credential will not appear on your transcript until Senate meets to approve all graduates and confer their degrees.

Program completed: Your degree has been conferred (awarded) and your credentials will appear on your transcript (this status appears after the May and November Okanagan Senate meetings).

My degree is not noted on my transcript yet, but I need proof that I’ve completed all my requirements. What should I do?
Contact your Faculty to request a letter of completion.

I have missed the deadline to apply for graduation. Can I still graduate?
Late applicants will only be considered if there is sufficient time to adjudicate the application. Otherwise, applicants will have to reapply during the fall graduation period.
Please email us at gradapps.okanagan@ubc.ca.


GRADUATION AND YOUR DEGREE SPECIALIZATION
My degree specialization listed on Workday is not correct. What should I do?
Contact an academic advisor.

I am doing a double major. Which group of majors will I graduate with?
If you are a student completing a double major, you will be assigned to the ceremony for the major that is listed first on your student record (i.e., a double major in French and Economics will be assigned to French). To check your student record, log into Workday, select the ‘Academics’ app and then the ‘Overview’ tab.

I am currently taking a course at another university or college for credit toward my UBC degree. What do I need to do to graduate?
Follow these steps:
Arrange for an official transcript from the other institution to be mailed directly to Enrolment Services at UBCO or emailed directly to final.grades@ubc.ca if e-transcripts are offered by the issuing institution.
Send to:

Transfer credit
Enrolment Services
UBC, Enrolment Services
3272 University Way
Kelowna, BC V1V 1V7

Check the transfer credit page for more information or e-mail academicrecord.support@ubc.ca with any questions.


YOUR PARCHMENT
How do I change the name on my parchment?
To change the name on your parchment, formerly known as a diploma, refer to our Changing the name on your parchment page. There is a deadline to submit name change requests in time for graduation.

I could not attend my graduation ceremony and was going to pick up my parchment, but I can’t make it to campus. Can someone pick it up for me?
Yes. If you would like someone to pick up your parchment, formerly known as a diploma, on your behalf, you will first need to provide them with Third-Party Authorization.

Where can I get a UBC parchment frame?
Frames for your parchment, formerly known as a diploma, are available for purchase at the UBCO Bookstore.


GRADUATION CEREMONY
When will I know my ceremony date and time?
Details about the graduation ceremony will be available at the Graduation at UBC website.

I don’t plan on attending the ceremony. Do I still need to apply to graduate?
Yes, you are required to apply for graduation regardless of whether you are able to attend the ceremony. If you do not apply you will not graduate.

I will not complete my degree requirements until December. Which conferral do I apply for?
If you will not complete your requirements by the fall conferral deadline, you must apply to graduate in the spring ceremony following the completion of your degree requirements. If you will not meet degree requirements by the deadline for spring graduation, you must apply for fall graduation.

Where can I find information about my graduation gown and grad photos?
For more information about guests, ceremony schedules, gown rentals, or photos, visit the Graduation Ceremony website.


IF YOU’RE NOT GRADUATING
I am not ready to graduate. Why am I being prompted to apply for graduation?
Some degree or diploma/certificate programs do not have year levels, so our system cannot determine when you’ll be completing your program. For some programs, students may take from eight months to five years to graduate. We want to make sure that those who are eligible to graduate know they should apply.

I have applied for graduation by mistake. How can I withdraw my application?
You can withdraw your graduation application by sending in a written request to gradapps.okanagan@ubc.ca. When you are ready to graduate, please remember to apply again.

Who can I contact for info regarding the graduation application and parchments?
For information regarding the graduation application and parchments, formerly known as diplomas, email us at gradapps.okanagan@ubc.ca.

ABOUT TRANSCRIPT SERVICES
If you are a current UBC student or alumnus, you can request an official transcript, which includes your complete academic record at UBC.
Transcripts are confidential and can only be released by request from a student or alumnus.
You can place an order for one of the following:

PDF transcript delivered by email
Paper copy delivered by mail
Paper copy delivered by courier
Paper copy picked up in person

DOCUMENTS YOU MAY NEED
Confirmation of Enrolment: Download your Confirmation of Enrolment Letter—also known as a Proof of Enrolment or Verification of Enrolment—from Workday.
Unofficial transcript: View and print your unofficial transcript in Workday. Click on the Academics app and select “View My Academic Record”. Here, under “Coursework” you will see a list of your academic sessions which will show your courses and grades for the period listed in a table format.
If you need your forms to be enclosed with your transcript, please email transcripts.students@ubc.ca.

Receiving your original parchment
You will receive your original parchment, formerly called a diploma, at your in-person graduation ceremony. If you do not attend an in-person graduation ceremony, you can request to pick up your parchment in person or have it sent to you by courier. If you’d like it couriered, contact gradapps.ubco@ubc.ca and they can further assist you. Please include your full name and student number in the email.
If you graduated in May 2024 or earlier and have not yet collected your parchment, please contact graduation@ubc.ca to arrange for courier delivery, or collect it in person at the Enrolment Services Office in UNC 214. Hours of operation are Monday to Friday, 9 am to 4 pm (closed daily from 1 to 2 pm).

Replacement parchments
A replacement parchment, formerly referred to as a replacement diploma, is an official reprint of your original UBC parchment. It will look almost exactly like an original parchment, with a notation that says “Replacement Parchment month/year” in small print along the front and bottom.
Learn how to order a replacement parchment in Workday or log in directly to the UBC Official Documents Tool.
Estimated processing time	2 to 4 weeks, plus additional delivery time
Cost in Canadian dollars    $72.76 including tax per parchment (courier cost is additional)

Certified copies of your parchment
You may need a copy of your parchment instead of a replacement or the original parchment itself. A certified copy of your parchment, formerly known as a certified copy of your diploma, is a photocopy of the original or replacement parchment with a stamp to certify that it is a true copy of the original document. 
Your original parchment is required to produce a certified copy. If the original is not provided, you must order a replacement parchment to request a certified copy. A replacement parchment takes 2 to 4 weeks to process.
Estimated processing time	3 to 5 business days
Cost in Canadian dollars    $7.60 including tax

ORDERING ONLINE
If you choose to order a certified copy online, you’ll need to order and pay for a replacement parchment as well. This will increase the processing time by 2 to 4 weeks.
Learn how to order a certified copy of your parchment in Workday or log in directly to the UBC Official Documents Tool.

ORDERING IN PERSON
Bring your original parchment to Enrolment Services in UNC 214. For regular orders, you can return and pick up your order once it is ready, or have the certified copy and original parchment mailed to you. You must present a photo ID when picking up your order and pay by debit card, VISA, or MasterCard.


Pickup and delivery
PICK UP IN PERSON
If you have requested to pick up your parchment or certified copy in person, UBC will contact you when it is available for pick up from Enrolment Services (UNC 214).
When picking up in person, remember:

- Bring photo ID with a name matching the name on the parchment for pickup.
- If you’ve requested a name change, please provide proof of the change.

IF SOMEONE IS PICKING UP YOUR DOCUMENTS ON YOUR BEHALF
You must first add your Third Party Authorization in Workday. Be aware that documents such as replacement parchments must be ordered prior to pick-up. They cannot be ordered in person by a third party. The person you authorize for document pick-up must provide the SRFS staff in the Enrolment Services – Student Records & Financial Services front office, UNC 214, with the following:

- The Third Party Authorization code you created
- Your student number
- Government-issued ID that confirms the identity of the person picking up the documents
Learn more about Third Party Authorization.

DELIVERY BY COURIER
If you have requested to have your parchments or certified copies delivered by courier, they will be mailed out via Fedex once they are processed. Refer to the table below for details on fees and processing/printing time. Couriers cannot deliver to PO boxes. You will receive a tracking number once your document has been sent.

Courier cost and processing time
Courier destination	Cost	Estimated delivery time
Within Canada	$22.40, plus replacement or certified copy cost	One to two business days, depending on destination
United States	$43.60, plus replacement or certified copy cost	One to three business days, depending on destination
International locations	$43.60, plus replacement or certified copy cost	Three to five business days, depending on destination
